# CIS407 - Java Programming 2

A collection of my coursework from Java Programming 2 at Strayer University. The commit log is functionally a weekly log, showing the work done each week of the course and giving me an opportunity to comment on that lesson. Overall, the course ranged from basic and kinda boring example programs to show off a new concept to the wonderfully and overly complex Course Project, which was iterated on as the assignment of 4 of the 10 weeks. Overall, I learned a great deal. I have a few side projects going on, and it was interesting feeling the lessons learned and tools found during this course bleeding over into my personal works and vice versa.

The highlight of this repository will, of course, be CourseProjectPhase4 – the last assignment of the class and the culmination of everything learned. Interestingly, this iteration was light on the addition of features, with the vast majority of the effort going to the conversion of the CLI to a GUI. If there’s one thing I’ve learned from this class, it’s that making GUI’s is simultaneously a pain in the neck and one of the most rewarding things you can do. It’s always so nice when your 3 hours of programmatically assembling the components concludes with a pleasing to look at user interface.

Coincidentally, this course is also my last course at Strayer; I’m taking the Capstone for my degree and we’re currently in week 10 of 11. I feel like this was definitely a high note to end on. The course was fun, I learned a good bit, and, even better, I actually have a little bit of work I can show off. It’ll be interesting to come back to this repository in a few years and see if I’ve figured out how to do some of these things a bit better.
